Hi again.
You will now use the Viterbi algorithm to
continue populating the two matrices you
initialized in the previous video.
You'll see how you can assign part
of speech tags to certain words in
the sentence.
Let's take a look at how you can do this.
>> The forward pass is the second of three
steps to populate your matrices, C and D.
Now that you have initialized
the matrices, C and D,
all the remaining entries
in the two matrices,
C&D are populated column by
column during the forward pass.
For the C matrix,
the entries are calculated by this
complicated looking function.
Let's picture the next step on the graph,
so this becomes clear.
Let's say you want to
calculate the entry C1,2,
then you can fill in the values to
the formula starting from the last term.
The last term of the formula is simply
the emission probability
from tag t1 towards w2.
You have the ak,1,
which is the transition probability from
the part of speech tag tk to
the current tag t1 and tk1,
which represents the probability for
the preceding path you've traversed.
You choose the k which
maximizes the entire formula.
In this case, there are three states
that are not the initial state.
So k is either one, two or three.
In each di,j, you simply save the k
which maximizes the entry and ci,j.
Here, there are three states
that are not the initial state.
So, k is either one, two, or three.
This is defined by
the scary looking formula,
which is the same as for ci,j,
except the leading argmax.
The argmax function returns the k,
which maximizes the function arguments
instead of the maximum value.
Almost there, just one more step.
>> You now computed the probability
matrix using the Viterbi algorithm.
In the next video, you're going to see
how you can use this probability matrix
that you just created to
reconstruct the path, so
that you can identify each
word with the parts of speech.